[Script] add bench tool (#3202)
hove-io/navitia: scripts/benchmark/README.md

  python bench.py replot [<file> <file>]
  python bench.py plot-latest N
  python bench.py sample <min_lon> <max_lon> <min_lat> <max_lat> <size> [-a ARGS | --extra-args=ARGS] [-s SEED | --seed=SEED]

Options:
  -h --help                                 Show this screen.
  --version                                 Show version.
  -i FILE, --input=FILE                     Input csv (or stdin if missing)
  -a ARGS, --extra-args=ARGS                Extra args for the request
  -c CONCURRENT, --concurrent=CONCURRENT    Concurrent request number
  --scenario=SCENARIO                       Scenarios [default: new_default  distributed]
  -s SEED, --seed=SEED                      Random seed [default: 42]

Example:
  python bench.py bench --input=benchmark_example.csv -a 'first_section_mode[]=car&last_section_mode[]=car'
  cat benchmark_example.csv | python bench.py bench  -a 'first_section_mode[]=car&last_section_mode[]=car' --scenario= new_default
  python bench.py replot new_default.csv distributed.csv
  python bench.py plot-latest 30
  python bench.py sample 2.298255 2.411574 48.821590 48.898 1000 -a '&datetime=20200318T100000'
```

> To launch the benchmark, you will need to generate a file in which contains the requests to navitia. You can find the example in this folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To launch the benchmark, you will need to generate a file which contains the requests to navitia. You can find an example in this folder.
```

## Summary

To use this tool, you should make sure that you have the right configuration in `config.py` or passing the configuration by environnment variables. At the end of benchmark, a `output_box.svg`, a box plot of time consummed by requests,  a `output_per_request.svg`, `distributed.csv` and `new_default.csv` will be generated so that you can check request by request.

## Benchmark /journeys

This benchmark tool is developped to compare `/journeys` performance between `new_default` scenario and `distributed` scenario at the fisrt place. So it will run the request on both scenarios by default.

> The `bench` command takes botha a file and `stdin` as its input. If you want to generate randomly journeys request, you can run the `sample` command as shown in the help message. It will pick randomly two coordinates in the given bouding box then output it on `stdout`. The randomly generated requests can be save by `python bench.py sample 2.298255 2.411574 48.821590 48.898 1000 -a '&datetime=20200318T100000' > requests.csv` then you can feed it to `bench` by `cat requests.csv | python bench.py bench -c 1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `bench` command takes both a file and `stdin` as its input. If you want to generate random journeys requests, you can run the `sample` command as shown in the help message. It will pick randomly two coordinates in the given bounding box then output it on `stdout`. The randomly generated requests can be saved by `python bench.py sample 2.298255 2.411574 48.821590 48.898 1000 -a '&datetime=20200318T100000' > requests.csv` then you can feed it to `bench` by `cat requests.csv | python bench.py bench -c 1`.
```

## Benchmark other endpoints

> You can alos use this tool to test other endpoints. In order to test only once, you need to speficy on which scenario you want to run the benchmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use this tool to test other endpoints. In order to test only once, you need to specify on which scenario you want to run the benchmark.
```
